style check (#586)
todogroup/ospology: ospo-book/content/en/06-chapter.md

**Commentary**

> Engagement with open source communities includes working in the upstream to effectively use OSS in organizational products. In this, there is a need to monitor the intake of OSS for infosec, legal, and engineering reasons. Companies can establish software intake processes, working with teams to either technically track or socially consider issues related to open source intake. Organization impact can also include working downstream with projects and companies that rely on your organizational products. This can include working to gain a clearer picture of  the open source that's in your shipped products. Organizations can work in securing and regulating their own internal open source processes in an effort to improve product development activities.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Engagement with open source communities includes working in the upstream to effectively use OSS in organizational products. In this, there is a need to monitor the intake of OSS for infosec, legal, and engineering reasons. Companies can establish software intake processes, working with teams to either technically track or socially consider issues related to open source intake. Organization impact can also include working downstream with projects and companies that rely on your organizational products. This can include working to gain a clearer picture of  the open source that is in your shipped products. Organizations can work in securing and regulating their own internal open source processes in an effort to improve product development activities.
```

Reads awkwardly with a contraction.

**Questions**

* What characteristics does an organization inspect related to inbound OSS?
* What product-level software and infrastructure contains OSS dependencies?

> * How's OSPO strategy aligned with organizational strategy and departmental objectives?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* How is OSPO strategy aligned with organizational strategy and departmental objectives?
```
Not sure How's is ever going to be needed in the book!
